Feat/jlink warning (#1042)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: Changelog.md

## 5.1.0 - Unreleased

### Changed

-   Bundled SEGGER J-Link to v7.94i for Windows.
-   Minor fixes and improvements.

### Added

-   A warning related to the SEGGER J-Link version when the application does not
    find the expected J-Link version.

> 

Reviewer: Please move the Added section above Changed.

> ## 5.0.3 - Unrelesed

Reviewer 2: Must be 5.1.0
```suggestion
## 5.1.0 - Unrelesed
```

### Added

> -   JLink Warning when Application does not find the expected JLink version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A warning related to the SEGGER J-Link version when the application does not find the expected J-Link version.
```

### Updated

> -   Bundeled J-Link Version to 7.94i for windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Bundled SEGGER J-Link to v7.94i for Windows.
```

Reviewer 3: FYI: I mostly used that suggestion in #1044 now.
